# DICE Version 5.0.0 Release Notes
#### March 7th, 2023
---
## UI Refresh
DICE has a fresh coat of paint for this release. The UI is cleaner and more responsive than before with a more cohesive look throughout the application.
## Asset Management
This version of DICE includes a major update to asset management. Overall this gives users more flexibility to store, manage, and use asset information. This update introduces new workflows for asset management to facilitate common actions with a more streamlined interface. Some of the larger features in this update are described in more detail below:
### Support for more types of assets
Any serialized item can now be uploaded and managed as an asset in DICE. All an asset requires is a serial number and category and it can be stored and managed.

### Upload support for your data
Asset creation in DICE is easier than ever with single and bulk upload support. For quick adds there is an inline creation form in the asset table. For adding larger sets of data there is support for pasting spreadsheet data directly from Excel into DICE. This functionality also exists for uploading end users into DICE.

### Check Out/Check In (Reservations)
The reservations workflow helps users to quickly check out or check in assets to and from end users. Assets can be scanned to end users to automatically create a record of the reservation made. Checking in items will release that asset from the end user but maintain a historic record of the reservation. This workflow supports multiple assets per users as well as check out date and return date.
